This is the build directory for BRICO, beingmeta's knowledge based
used for a variety of contexts.  It brings together the core BRICO
knowledge base (developed at MIT and extended at beingmeta) with
extensions developed at beingmeta.

The 'data' directory contains the BRICO knowledge base as FramerD
database files.  The content itself is stored in the *.pool files and
the indices are stored in *.index files.  The file 'brico.db' is a
dtype representation describing the various files for use by the USEDB
module.  There are four major data files and one minor one:

  'brico.pool' contains the BRICO core, originally created by 
    mashing together WordNet 1.6, Roget's 1911 thesaurus, and various
    free translation dictionaries.  It is special in that the other
    knowledge bases refer to it a lot.

    When BRICO was kept separate from the other files, there was a policy
    of not having the BRICO pool store pointers into the other pools,
    but to store inverse pointers in the other pools and let inference find
    them.  We're still keeping to this for now.  The script 'isolate.scm'
    ensures this isolation.

  'xbrico.pool' consists mostly of additional 'abstract' concepts derived
    from text mining and some from Wikipedia.  In general, no frames
    in this pool should be INDIVIDUALs, but there are some cases resulting
    from assimilation errors.

  'names.pool' consists mostly of individuals (people, companies, groups,
    etc) but not places.  These come from Wikipedia, DMOZ, and other
    random databases.

  'places.pool' consists mostly of places and was originally generated
    from a combination of the US Census gazetter and the Pentagon's NIMA
    database.  Many of these have lat/long information and some also have
    FIPS-CODE information.

  'cyc.pool' is a pool generated from an import of the CYC top level
    released as open source in the 90s.  It is not used in any significant
    way, but there are fragments of an old effort to link the concepts into
    BRICO.

In general, the files in 'data' files use no 'content-free'
compression (e.g. zlib or bz2), though they may use various
content-based compression techniques (e.g. coding for slotids, schema,
or baseoids).  Currently, the indices are generated occasionally by
batch processes and working indices may be updated dynamically.  There
are makefile targets for generating individual indices of 'make
indices' to generate them all.

The 'tables' directory contains various small tables, stored as DTYPE
representations, which are useful in BRICO hacking.

The 'dist' directory contains BRICO knowledge base files which have
been converted into compressed database formats for distribution and
general use.  Because they're smaller, they copy more quickly and can
also reduce the memory load on servers.  There are makefile targets
for generating individual 'dist' files as well as 'make dist' to
generate them all.

[Still to do] The 'dist' directory contains two subdirectories for
particular versions of the database. The directory 'dist/mit' contains
versions of the database which can be used both by the original MIT
FramerD implementation (and its successors maintained by beingmeta).
The directory 'dist/bemeta' contains versions of the database which
can be read by the compressed db libraries developed by beingmeta for
MIT FramerD (which will probably be open-sourced in some fashion).

The 'doc' directory contains documentation of various sorts, such as
this file and parasemantics.text describing the representational
foundations for BRICO.

The 'sources' directory contains some of the source data files for
generating BRICO, though these are mostly for reference.  The database
has not been generated from sources for nearly a decade and probably
never will be again.  It may also contain scripts for updating BRICO
from other sources which change more often (for instance, gazetters,
etc).  The code for assimilating wikipedia lives elsewhere.

Because the source data files are so big and generally from somewhere
else, they are generally not stored in subversion but are backed up in
other ways.

The directory 'patches' contains various programs which have been used
to modify BRICO in the past.  New programmatic reorganizations should
be saved there and (probably) their use should be logged and dated
(though they're not very good about that right now).




  
